Aye, even here these dolts still see us as possessions. \#walkaway
Dude if I were him I woulda held her at gunpoint and made a citizen's arrest. WTF
>Thing is, during that time, that month, i had a gut feeling something wasn't connecting... So big lesson is, your gut feeling is almost never wrong. Always. >One thing i admire about the bitch is, she would defend her innocence with her life. I never seen someone defend her herself so much like that. This has blindsided me a lot of times when i suspected something. Gentlemen.... understand this. A woman who is cheating will lie and deny better than any man who gets accused of lying. The tears come on. The "how can you not trust me" lines come out. They will act offended, upset, hurt, etc., that you could accuse them of something so horrible. And the kicker... they say this with HIS cum still on her breath. I lived this shit. It's amazing how far women will carry the betrayal. Lies. Trickle truths. Gaslighting. Manipulation. >Today, i hit her with screenshots, she tried running it down, but she couldn't shake them off, line by line for the conversation... I had to do that once. When she was in the "nothing happened" stage, she showed me edited screenshots, where she deleted PARTS of the conversation. The conversation made it look like it was all him. Years later, I found the REAL screenshots in her email. She saved the full conversation for herself before editing the conversation for me to see. Cheaters will deny everything until faced with facts IN WRITING or IN VIDEO or IN PICTURES. >I am quite happy with this breakup, because man, i have been wanting out, i just needed a legitimate reason for leaving now i finally caught the bitch. Your main point of weakness. You wanted to leave her anyway, but waited for a reason. "Because I feel like it" is a reason. Work on this area. Glad you nexted her. Many guys these days would be asking TRP what to do next.
MCT Rules for PandemicsHi Faggots, Social Distancing is killing most of you betas out there. Despite what she says about being stressed with homeschooling the kids or adjusting to telework at home, lack of attraction is why you arent getting laid. Its also why she is acting like a sexless cunt and bitchy first mate right now. I already see it happening to friends and coworkers. Look, if you aint Gaming, you aint Fucking. MRP is red pill on hard mode because you have to find a way to game the same woman every day. Once you find it, you must internalize it as your own so it flows out naturally. Especially now, she is seeing you all the time. All of your weaknesses are magnified. For you fat beta fucks, its like trying to light a fire with damp wood. She simply isnt attracted to you. You arent getting laid for a reason and she is probably shaming you for even trying. If you aint Gaming, you aint fucking. Your wife isnt yours. Its just your mother fucking turn with her. Dont be mad that Chad fucked her back in college in the foam party on spring break, he earned it. He gamed her. She thought he was hot. She didnt need an emotional connection. Mysterys Cat String Theory still applies. If you just give the string to the cat it will be bored and stop trying. What the typical wife does when she marries beta billy. He turns into a blue pill faggot and she loses attraction.. If you put the string too far away from the cat it wont try to chase it. You must keep the string just out of reach of the cat and tease it. Keep the attraction going, drive bys, DHVs, teasing like shes your bratty little sister, kino, Fuck with her mind..always. Now more than ever, keep her mind busy or she fill it in with a bunch of nonsense. 100% chance it will be directly proportional to money too. Your wallet will pay for it. More than ever, women are in competition with each other to display their resources. I know dudes not getting laid but getting suckered/ shamed into expensive kitchen upgrades, building pools, etc. all because theyre failing to guide their wives during this time. Women stay plugged in and spend all fucking day long on instafuck, fuckBook, tik-fucking-tok these days comparing and contrasting their resources with other women, if you arent providing the tingles or feelz, shell start bitching about the next expensive home renovation or vacation that she REALLY needs. Keep your emotions in check. Dont show weakness, save it for your bros or keep to yourself. She doesnt give a fuck about you. She only cares how you make HER feelz. Keep your DHVs going. Also keep the illusion of work going. Never break Kayfab. Pro wrestlers never give the act away no matter how silly it is... Always stay in character. Even if youre considered non essential at work, she doesnt need to know that. You just got promoted congratulations. Let her know the important work youre doing. Tell her about the task force you were just assigned to. Wear a fucking headset and act busy as fuck during the day at your laptop. Print out a schedule and mark it the fuck up and tape it on the wall. Get dressed for your skype presentation. If you have free time, start a side business online. Women are attracted to high status and value. Must keep your high value going. If you appear to be doing nothing all fucking day long shell dry up. Let her see all your work wives emailing and texting you. Keep giving the gift of Dread. Let her see how much they miss working with you in the office. What have you done for me lately? They dont give a fuck that you took them on that expensive vacation last summer, what did you do for them right now? Always add right now after everything they say to give it context. Woman are always after more resources, trinkets, and prizes. Dont get lured into arguments if she says you never do this or that. You never take me on such and such vacation - youre right, I reserve those for my girlfriends smile and grin. Keep AA at all times. Shes flooded with emotions right now, bet your ass youll be shit tested. Dont take the bait. Lead her. I ordered from XYZ restaurant, Im leaving to pick it up have the kids ready when I get back. Im grilling steaks tonight so go ice down the beer. Dont ask what she wants. Take her on a virtual trip. Everyday around lunchtime, I take her out on the back patio. No kids allowed. Tell those little assholes to stay inside. MCT bought a bottle of red and bottle of white, told her to get her ass out on the back patio. We watched some videos on Napa valley.. travel channel, etc have fun, joke around. NLP terms its called future pacing. Talk about the future and what you plan on doing. Keeps her childlike and gets her into her hindbrain and out of her mommy mode forebrain. She feelz stressed from the kids, work, and all the Karens out there. Take her on a virtual trip and learn about these new places. Youre doing this for you, shes welcomed to join you. Let her feelz your strength, confidence, and DGAS attitude. Watch when she post pics of the 2 wine glasses on fuckBook and how all the other women swoon over what you created for her. Dont compete with anyone, let them compete with you. Keep Prizing yourself. Be the Prize- by Prizing yourself. This is a great old school Swing Cat PUA move. Guy is a legend. Make it seem she is trying to win you over. Tease her, neg her. Did you just come over here to flirt with me? Keep that up babe, youre earning points with me. First time I told my wife she was earning points with me was at a party with her friends. They couldnt believe I said that. IOIs and all over me for the rest of the night. Also the opposite of that is good too-, babe, youre losing points with me- if she drops something. Cheeky smirk, ass slap, walk away. A healthy marriage is one where she submits to you - you have to keep a higher value then her. Doesnt work the other way around despite what mainstream advice says. Best marriage is one where your balls remain empty. Must have male and female polarity for it to work. You cant be a walking doormat. Keep your T levels up. Dont eat shit all day. Workout, pushups, chin-ups, squats, walk around the block,. Punch yourself in the balls if you have to. Stop fapping like a bitch. Low T level, means being weak, means not leading, means bitching wife, means No sex, means expensive kitchens in your future. Dont be a lazy piece of shit. After your work is done for the day, for fucks sake clean up. Do yard work, pressure wash, clean all the shit up youve been neglecting the past year. Dont lose your day gaming skills -Im not talking about fortnite either you faggots. Revisit the basics and why it works. Reframe everything. This is a chance to double your workouts. Clean the fucking house. Spend more time enjoying your kids. More time honing your skills. More time to fuck. Cool, calm, and collective. Dont be a keyboard jockey these days. Dont become obsessed with politics and the news. Check it once a day to stay informed. But stop being a bitch about it. That shit is purposely designed to make you feelz powerless. Conquer and divide tactics. Theyre pitting sides against each other. A grown man doesnt get angry over politics. It makes you look extremely unattractive. Its a weak example for your son too. Its a victim mindset. Shows that you arent the center of origin. When is the last time you got a great blow job? Strong powerful man get great blow jobs. Say what you want about Bill Clinton, this dude was a champ at BJs. Go watch YouTube videos of him playing Mayor Game how he just owned a room when he walked in.. dude could drop panties like no other. . How you act today will remain with you for the rest of your life. Did you get shit done? Act like a little bitch? Failed to lead? Fail to help your kids?Did you work on yourself? Did you set goals and start action towards them?Become the King. The king doesnt complain or whine to the queen. When you act like a King, you start getting treated like a King. Women are preprogrammed to reward their prize with sex. I use to blame everything and everyone out there. I blamed the weather, politics, the company, company policy, mission statement, the economy, the news, the president, the party in power. Its a fucking lie. You were lied to. Its all a set up. Its a joke. You are the only one to blame. The world is abundant. You are the key to your better future. If you aint gaming, you aint fucking. Be safe. MTC
Get the fuck out pussy deprived bitch
Happens more often than you would think. Used to work at a bank, woman trust officer (of all things) ripped off little old ladies for $100K. The bank pushed to not have her jailed but made her get a second mortgage to pay them back. She's working two minimum wage jobs to come up with the money to pay it all back. 40-50 y/o women will rob you blind if you're not careful.
yeah, if i had to guess youre probably right. they're just upset they dont get every single thing handed to them like stacy. imo it's just as annoying as the normie inkwells that bitch and whine about female hypergamy because they cant accept that stacy is way out of their league and doesnt want them. i have only seen one femcel ever post her face, and poor girl was young and definitely severely mentally ill. the comments ripped her apart joking about how ugly she was (this was in r/theglowup btw). real femcels dont post their face.
Why? So you could karma whore? People could take anything from there and post it in circlejerk subs. People who post on r/unpopularopinion KNOW that their opinion is unpopular, and people like you criticizing them on different subs instead of just commenting like a sane person would do is a bitch thing to do
The Dual Mating Strategies of Men and WomenAlpha Fucks and Beta Bucks is a well documented phenomenon in the Red Pill. Its the so called dual mating strategy that describes a womans instinct to seek sexual opportunities from the alpha (Alpha Fucks) and provisioning opportunities from the beta (Beta Bucks.) It seems generally assumed in the sphere that this strategy is exclusive to women, so this will be my brief attempt to show that a dual mating strategy is also present in men. Across the sphere we see RP men constantly admitting their dual mating strategies. We want to fuck hoes, and marry virgins (low n-counts.) We want a lady in the streets, and a freak in the sheets. Men seek sexual opportunities from the whores, and provisioning opportunities from the virgins. Sigmund Freud expressed this dual mating strategy in his Madonna/Whore Complex: the tendency in men to view any particular woman as either a Madonna or a Whore. Madonnas (dont think of the superstar by this same name, it will confuse you) are women we perceive as pure, submissive, obedient, and faithful. Whores are women we perceive as sluts, large n-count, tattoo-ridden, disobedient, and unfaithful. History is full of men who were in love with their Madonna wives, only to cheat on them with a Whore. In fact many RP players have made careers out of fucking hoes only to eventually marry a woman they perceive as a Madonna. We all carry this Madonna/Whore instinct inside of us, and its quite clearly a dual-mating strategy, if we care to admit it. This dual-mating strategy for both men and women may be a result of pre, and post, Agricultural Revolution societies. The findings of evolutionary psychology suggest that before the Agricultural Revolution sex in humanity was far more polygamous, liberal and free. People tended to sleep around for various reasons without taboo or stigma. Theres a lot in our biology that is evidence of this. This doesnt mean a womans hypergamy wasnt in effect, it just means being a hoe wasnt looked down upon. If this is true its safe to assume that women were hoes for a very long period of time. And this would explain our natural attraction to hoes. Further, pre-Agricultural Revolution, there was no such thing as property, assets, and marriage. Post-agricultural revolution introduced property, assets, and marriage, and this changed sexual relationships forever. People began to think heavily about guarantying their property and resources was passed on to their progeny. Men became interested in women who could guarantee this bequeathment, and women became interested in men who would share their resources. Suddenly virgins and beta men became more attractive. The forces of this new social pressure conditioned women to look for men who could provide provisioning (betas), and those same forces conditioned men to seek women who could be trusted with their resources (Madonnas.) Virgins can be trusted with property and assets more than whores, and beta men can be relied upon to share their resources more than alphas. In this hypothesis, a dual-mating strategy evolved in both men and women out of our ancient past of free and unbridled sex (pre-Agricultural Revolution) and the relatively recent development of commitment sex (post-Agricultural Revolution.) In the RP theres this idea that you must maintain alpha-ness in your relationships at the expense of beta-ness, so that your wife doesnt cuck or leave you. While theres obvious truth to this, we should condition this view against our own dual mating strategy. In the life of a man, a virgin is perceived to be a prize. Sure, nothing turns us on more than a whore, and some married men will fuck them given the opportunity, but many wont. Many married men will stay faithful to their Madonna, even though she doesnt turn them on like a Whore. Understood in this way, we can see that while women may be attracted to Alphas, for them the prize might very well be a Beta. This is why we teach comfort tests. And while some women in relationships will still fuck the Alphas, many of them wont, and will stay faithful to their Beta. AF/BB is not a black and white line, its just an evolved tendency in women, just like the Madonna/Whore complex is an evolved tendency in men. But neither of these tendencies dictate with any certainty how a particular man or woman will act. This is not an excuse for a man to be a little bitch, a real RP man knows how to be both Alpha and Beta. I admit that the theory of AF/BB and Madonna/Whore instincts evolving out of a pre, and post, Agricultural Revolution society might simply be conjecture. But, the evidence that men have a dual mating strategy (like women) is overwhelmingly evident and universal.
You are genuinely struggling with how approaching women (your needs and wants) might be at odds with ethical and proper social calibration and empathy. Its normal. But you dont have enough under your belt. Go out and do it. Hopefully you learn and get good at it. Then youll understand that its no big fuckin deal. Woman dont care that much about being approached. They often get approached badly and by creeps, but youre not one of them. Its doesnt bother most liberated woman if a normal guy is attracted to her and tries to start a spark. They arent that fragile. The ones you want are the ones that are emotionally stable, like men and like sex. Its not that big a deal to say hi. Youre blowing it out of proportion: its mostly fun for both you and her. Again, its normal to feel that. You just need desensitization and practice.
Mods PLEASE. BAN STACIES/BECKIES/NORMIES FROM MAKING THREADS
Life of a 19th-century Stacy exemplifies the power of beautyhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Belle_Otero Her own words = Women have one mission in life: to be beautiful. When one gets old, one must learn how to break mirrors. I am very gently expecting to die I saw her in name in a post about historical mistresses and looked her up. She started out in a poor family and worked as a maid. She ran away with a boyfriend, found a sponsor, revamped her image, and completely changed her life all because men wanted her. She had all kinds of lovers including powerful men and got to live in luxury. Women didnt have the same opportunities back then to grow businesses or get an education but beauty was the female equivalent to having power. Nowadays, women have more opportunities to be independent and get a career but I feel like thats made people oblivious to the idea that appearances still matter a lot for women. I actually feel like the stakes are higher nowadays. Now, you have to be educated AND still attractive. Also, beauty standards have become stricter. With plastic surgery, makeup, growth of modeling/fashion industry, social media, etc. its kinda sad and funny that this woman would probably only be considered a normie/Becky-lite nowadays.
1. If this is a recorded statement, then it should be used in the court. 2. If the judge allows or agrees such a statement, then abetment to suicide is no more a crime. 3. This can be now used in a lot of cases of one persuading another to a crime. If X keeps on telling Y to kill themselves or kill somebody else and this case was brought to court, then X can easily get off by saying "If Y can't handle the pressure, it's not my fault". Hired assassins and mercenaries will have a field day. The danger of having a society and a constitution that bends to women is that it incentivises the women to be entitled, callous and evil.
Your ability to break the rules is a powerful red pill truthI was sipping morning coffee and going over the worldnews sub when I came upon an article that mentioned how Japan is still reliant on fax machines and shit to report on Covid. These people are required to go into work just to stamp documents. Someone in that sub asked "can't they bring the stamp home?", which lead to the following response: >A question that only someone thats never lived in Japan would ask. >There doesnt need to be any practical or logical reason for a rule >Rules no matter how trivial are followed without question >People actually go into a sort of shock if you violate a rule >For example my wife once tried to order hot takeaway milk from a Mr Donuts. >The server explained that you can takeaway coffee etc but not hot milk because you might not drink it right away and it could go bad and then make you sick. Long nonsense discussion >My wife proceeds to order a hot milk to eat there and asks for an empty takeaway cup. At this point we assumed the server knew what was going to happen next because she gave my wife the milk and the cup without question and there really was only one explanation for wanting the empty cup. >When my wife poured the milk into the cup the server said something like ah ahh ooh ee-ee-eah and then remained totally motionless for what seemed like 2 minutes. We were concerned asked if she was OK and she just nodded. >The sort of rule breaking that my wife just did literally doesnt ever happen in Japan. This absolutely blew my mind. Apparently following rules is so burned into their culture, that they wouldn't even consider breaking even minor rules. Another comment in the same thread mentions how you can't even order an omelette without rice. You have to order the omelette with rice, then throw the rice out while the server stares in disbelief . >Then my wife poured the milk into the cup the server said something like ah ahh ooh ee-ee-eah and then remained totally motionless for what seemed like 2 minutes. We were concerned asked if she was OK and she just nodded. Which got me thinking about the blue pill "rules" here in north america in context to the red pill (get a gf, get married, get her pregnant, pay her cash and prizes when she's ready to move on, and don't you dare deviate from that path you fucking sonofabitch!). I realized our ability to say "fuck this I'm gonna spin plates, avoid marriage, enjoy the decline, etc" results in the same "ah ahh ooh ee-ee-eah short-circuiting in blue pill programmed individuals. . "Seducter, you can't fuck her, she's married! ah ahh ooh ee-ee-eah . Not only did I fuck her, but I sent her ass home to the husband who's cooking supper for her and the kids. Just seeing that comment thread made me really appreciate the freedom that we have. To be able to break free from society's conditioning and do what we want. Imagine freezing up in a firestorm of cultural programming and indecisiveness because someone asked you if they could borrow your shovel. Thank fuck for the red pill.
Do you guys really call women sluts?
Chonk bitch
MCT Rules for PandemicsHi Faggots, Social Distancing is killing most of you betas out there. Despite what she says about being stressed with homeschooling the kids or adjusting to telework at home, lack of attraction is why you arent getting laid. Its also why she is acting like a sexless cunt and bitchy first mate right now. I already see it happening to friends and coworkers. Look, if you aint Gaming, you aint Fucking. MRP is red pill on hard mode because you have to find a way to game the same woman every day. Once you find it, you must internalize it as your own so it flows out naturally. Especially now, she is seeing you all the time. All of your weaknesses are magnified. For you fat beta fucks, its like trying to light a fire with damp wood. She simply isnt attracted to you. You arent getting laid for a reason and she is probably shaming you for even trying. If you aint Gaming, you aint fucking. Your wife isnt yours. Its just your mother fucking turn with her. Dont be mad that Chad fucked her back in college in the foam party on spring break, he earned it. He gamed her. She thought he was hot. She didnt need an emotional connection. Mysterys Cat String Theory still applies. If you just give the string to the cat it will be bored and stop trying. What the typical wife does when she marries beta billy. He turns into a blue pill faggot and she loses attraction.. If you put the string too far away from the cat it wont try to chase it. You must keep the string just out of reach of the cat and tease it. Keep the attraction going, drive bys, DHVs, teasing like shes your bratty little sister, kino, Fuck with her mind..always. Now more than ever, keep her mind busy or she fill it in with a bunch of nonsense. 100% chance it will be directly proportional to money too. Your wallet will pay for it. More than ever, women are in competition with each other to display their resources. I know dudes not getting laid but getting suckered/ shamed into expensive kitchen upgrades, building pools, etc. all because theyre failing to guide their wives during this time. Women stay plugged in and spend all fucking day long on instafuck, fuckBook, tik-fucking-tok these days comparing and contrasting their resources with other women, if you arent providing the tingles or feelz, shell start bitching about the next expensive home renovation or vacation that she REALLY needs. Keep your emotions in check. Dont show weakness, save it for your bros or keep to yourself. She doesnt give a fuck about you. She only cares how you make HER feelz. Keep your DHVs going. Also keep the illusion of work going. Never break Kayfab. Pro wrestlers never give the act away no matter how silly it is... Always stay in character. Even if youre considered non essential at work, she doesnt need to know that. You just got promoted congratulations. Let her know the important work youre doing. Tell her about the task force you were just assigned to. Wear a fucking headset and act busy as fuck during the day at your laptop. Print out a schedule and mark it the fuck up and tape it on the wall. Get dressed for your skype presentation. If you have free time, start a side business online. Women are attracted to high status and value. Must keep your high value going. If you appear to be doing nothing all fucking day long shell dry up. Let her see all your work wives emailing and texting you. Keep giving the gift of Dread. Let her see how much they miss working with you in the office. What have you done for me lately? They dont give a fuck that you took them on that expensive vacation last summer, what did you do for them right now? Always add right now after everything they say to give it context. Woman are always after more resources, trinkets, and prizes. Dont get lured into arguments if she says you never do this or that. You never take me on such and such vacation - youre right, I reserve those for my girlfriends smile and grin. Keep AA at all times. Shes flooded with emotions right now, bet your ass youll be shit tested. Dont take the bait. Lead her. I ordered from XYZ restaurant, Im leaving to pick it up have the kids ready when I get back. Im grilling steaks tonight so go ice down the beer. Dont ask what she wants. Take her on a virtual trip. Everyday around lunchtime, I take her out on the back patio. No kids allowed. Tell those little assholes to stay inside. MCT bought a bottle of red and bottle of white, told her to get her ass out on the back patio. We watched some videos on Napa valley.. travel channel, etc have fun, joke around. NLP terms its called future pacing. Talk about the future and what you plan on doing. Keeps her childlike and gets her into her hindbrain and out of her mommy mode forebrain. She feelz stressed from the kids, work, and all the Karens out there. Take her on a virtual trip and learn about these new places. Youre doing this for you, shes welcomed to join you. Let her feelz your strength, confidence, and DGAS attitude. Watch when she post pics of the 2 wine glasses on fuckBook and how all the other women swoon over what you created for her. Dont compete with anyone, let them compete with you. Keep Prizing yourself. Be the Prize- by Prizing yourself. This is a great old school Swing Cat PUA move. Guy is a legend. Make it seem she is trying to win you over. Tease her, neg her. Did you just come over here to flirt with me? Keep that up babe, youre earning points with me. First time I told my wife she was earning points with me was at a party with her friends. They couldnt believe I said that. IOIs and all over me for the rest of the night. Also the opposite of that is good too-, babe, youre losing points with me- if she drops something. Cheeky smirk, ass slap, walk away. A healthy marriage is one where she submits to you - you have to keep a higher value then her. Doesnt work the other way around despite what mainstream advice says. Best marriage is one where your balls remain empty. Must have male and female polarity for it to work. You cant be a walking doormat. Keep your T levels up. Dont eat shit all day. Workout, pushups, chin-ups, squats, walk around the block,. Punch yourself in the balls if you have to. Stop fapping like a bitch. Low T level, means being weak, means not leading, means bitching wife, means No sex, means expensive kitchens in your future. Dont be a lazy piece of shit. After your work is done for the day, for fucks sake clean up. Do yard work, pressure wash, clean all the shit up youve been neglecting the past year. Dont lose your day gaming skills -Im not talking about fortnite either you faggots. Revisit the basics and why it works. Reframe everything. This is a chance to double your workouts. Clean the fucking house. Spend more time enjoying your kids. More time honing your skills. More time to fuck. Cool, calm, and collective. Dont be a keyboard jockey these days. Dont become obsessed with politics and the news. Check it once a day to stay informed. But stop being a bitch about it. That shit is purposely designed to make you feelz powerless. Conquer and divide tactics. Theyre pitting sides against each other. A grown man doesnt get angry over politics. It makes you look extremely unattractive. Its a weak example for your son too. Its a victim mindset. Shows that you arent the center of origin. When is the last time you got a great blow job? Strong powerful man get great blow jobs. Say what you want about Bill Clinton, this dude was a champ at BJs. Go watch YouTube videos of him playing Mayor Game how he just owned a room when he walked in.. dude could drop panties like no other. . How you act today will remain with you for the rest of your life. Did you get shit done? Act like a little bitch? Failed to lead? Fail to help your kids?Did you work on yourself? Did you set goals and start action towards them?Become the King. The king doesnt complain or whine to the queen. When you act like a King, you start getting treated like a King. Women are preprogrammed to reward their prize with sex. I use to blame everything and everyone out there. I blamed the weather, politics, the company, company policy, mission statement, the economy, the news, the president, the party in power. Its a fucking lie. You were lied to. Its all a set up. Its a joke. You are the only one to blame. The world is abundant. You are the key to your better future. If you aint gaming, you aint fucking. Be safe. MTC
The problem with this is she can just say she made it up. Unless her victims come forward there is no case. Thise were all Johns paying prostitute for sex. They probably wont want to be public about it. Even if they are the type to not worry about that. Do you think they actually know the haggard prostitute that drugged them years ago is Cardi B? She must look completely different now Who cares about a couple dudes who got drugged while committing a crime. I have no sympathy for them anyway. The real victims of Cardi B is the general public. The idea that my daughter could one day idolize a fucking crack whore sucks.
You can tell a lot about someone by how they treat people in the service industry. This young woman is (in no particular order): smug, entitled, arrogant, and phony. DUMP THAT BITCH!
here is to hoping a transgendered negro robs her home and chimps out on her wiff a sesshual eemergency n sheeeeit
Hey, that's SO far from the truth! I usually chug the whole bottle. What pussy only drinks half of it in one go? Pffff, rookies!
> I'm glad that she admitted to it, because it would have been close to impossible to prove without professional police investigation as they see and deal with these types of messes on a regular basis. After hearing a million of these stories, I'm convinced that college-age women actually believe they've been raped, in situations where it's clearly not the case. Brett Solokow, a lawyer representing women in college rape tribunals, has made similar observations. It's basically delusional hysteria. >AVFM: How common do you think it is that those who falsely accuse are punished for their crime/misconduct? >Sokolow: Rarely. In fact, we often try to get them help. The fact is that most people who allege campus sexual misconduct when it did not occur do in fact believe that it did https://avoiceformen.com/mega-featured/title-ix-legal-expert-brett-sokolow-on-sexual-misconduct-cases-and-dojdoe-directives/ EDIT Women in general have no clue about their state of sexual arousal. https://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/25/magazine/25desire-t.html This is almost certainly biological, and possibly related to the fact that humans are the only primates that do not go into heat. Although women have a much lower libido than men, they are at a libido highpoint at this age and have a very tenuous connection to their sexuality. Add alcohol and it becomes like a multiple personality disorder. It's like the movie "Fight Club" for women.
There are a few ways to look at this, but there is not a lack of relevant research on this topic. ___ Women actively look for men who make more money. Married men make more money not because the wife is cooking and cleaning which somehow helps them earn more, but because their wives saw that they were on promising career trajectories before marrying them: ######Ludwig, V., & Brderl, J. (2018). Is there a male marital wage premium? New evidence from the United States. *American Sociological Review*, 83(4), 744-770. https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0003122418784909?journalCode=asra& ___ A lack of high earning men will cause women to focus on their careers instead of finding a husband. I believe this study was discussed here in the past: ######Durante, K. M., Griskevicius, V., Simpson, J. A., Cant, S. M., & Tybur, J. M. (2012). Sex ratio and women's career choice: Does a scarcity of men lead women to choose briefcase over baby?. *Journal of personality and social psychology*, 103(1), 121. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22468947 ___ A man's wealth is directly correlated with how women rate him. A similar effect the other way around is small to non existent. Men select for looks and personality. Women select, quite literally, for looks and money: ######Wang, G., Cao, M., Sauciuvenaite, J., Bissland, R., Hacker, M., Hambly, C., ... & Speakman, J. R. (2018). Different impacts of resources on opposite sex ratings of physical attractiveness by males and females. *Evolution and Human Behavior*, 39(2), 220-225. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S109051381730315X ___ A loss of income is the single largest predictive factor for a wife wanting to divorce her husband. The same is not true the other way around. And interestingly, a wife's inability or refusal to "cook and clean" does not effect a husband's willingness to divorce her, either. I'm not sure if this study goes into this, but my guess is personality issues, things like nagging and harassment, might be the biggest factor for husbands: ######Killewalda, A. (2016). Money, Work, and Marital Stability: Assessing Change in the Gendered Determinants of Divorce. *American Sociological Review*, 81(4), 696-719. https://scholar.harvard.edu/files/akillewald/files/money_work_and_marital_stability.pdf ___ A few other sources that might be interesting... Public views on men having to provide for their family: ######https://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2014/09/24/chapter-1-public-views-on-marriage Social stigmas in the dating market for unemployed and underemployed men: ######https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/social-stigma-for-unemployed-men-75-of-women-are-unlikely-to-date-them-160378575.html In the Netherlands, an alimony reform bill caused the female initiated divorce rate to spike before it went into effect: ######https://www.ad.nl/binnenland/nog-snel-even-scheiden-voor-het-einde-van-het-jaar-het-gaat-om-grote-bedragen~a9044021 Multiple studies show that most women aspire to have easy careers, work part time, or otherwise be a stay at home mom supported by a husband. I've seen estimates from ~65% and up. This one is 84%: ######https://www.forbes.com/sites/meghancasserly/2012/09/12/is-opting-out-the-new-american-dream-for-working-women/ There is a study showing that most men (around 65%) would prefer to be stay at home dads / husbands, so there isn't much of a gender difference here. Most people regardless of gender prefer to stay home over working a job. Many would even call it a *privilege*. Women just have significantly more power and control in the dating and marriage market, so they tend to get their way more often. In fact there's a plethora of research showing that wives and girlfriends command significantly more power in relationships than men do. I'll leave those out for the sake of brevity (and for veering outside the scope of the OP) but I can post them if requested.
I'm just surprised a Chad wanted to sleep with an ugly girl. Is this because it's a conservative country where Stacies refuse to have sex, so Chads go sleep with ugly girls? I grew up in Canada and here Chads would not try to sleep with ugly girls, not even for easy sex. They could just get a Stacy girlfriend and she would have sex with them. It was only ugly guys who tried to pump and dump ugly girls because they couldn't always get sex from Stacies so they started to look for ways to find shameful sex.
Doesn't matter whether he's genuine, just like with jewelery or your Rolex. As long as they think he is genuine
Mods PLEASE. BAN STACIES/BECKIES/NORMIES FROM MAKING THREADS
Gold diggers gotta dig...
This is so true. Sleeping with married women is like shooting fish in a barrel because husbands neglect their wife and stop acting like a leader. They get fat and get stuck in an unsuccessful rut and are no longer exciting. Women get bored and start going to the gym or running or getting hot mom bodies. Ive been with 3 married women over the last 10 years and all of them had this in common - a loser husband. First step - stop being so fucking fat. Theres no excuse for it. Just stop eating if you have to geezus.
>>*Women are allowed to have double standards and be hypocritical since that was the original intent of feminism. Women are now able to get back at the evil patriarchy and do whatever the hell they want and sexist bigots like you should stop complaining.* This is the modern western womens' mindset! Once you realize that, life becomes easier. Just make sure you keep your double standards to yourself. Women don't have too because of feminism, but if you as a guy say your double standards out loud, then the *lol tee hee* women will lose their um ....... scrunchies
Key difference: a man can train a virgin to be a whore just for him, but a woman can't train a beta to be an alpha.
BoycottPoon is short and sweet. GuysAgainstGash
Dude cop, handle that bitch. She has your partners scalp in her fist.
Women have zero interest in sex *compared to a man*. Women love sex in a relationship with an individual, not in general. Women just don't care about, nor pursue sex. If they did, society and culture would look completely different. Even in "modern" super liberal attitude countries you see it. Women just aren't into it. Rape wouldn't be a crime is women gave a shit about sex, because women would at worst see bad sex as just a bad date. You don't see men whining about rape because they had a shitty sexual experience. Women wouldn't whine about "cat calling". Women wouldn't push the narrative that all men cheat because they will at any given opportunity, unlike women. If women pursued sex they would actually, you know, pursue it instead of sitting on their asses waiting to be hit on or swiped on. And I say this as someone that's fucked dozens of girls and never asked a girl out or approached on in my life. So you'd think that would discount what I'm saying, but it doesn't. Luckily, feminists created sluts for people like me, and thank God for feminists creating sluts. Women evolutionarily cannot just free fuck the world, their jobs are generic selectors. Even ignoring all that, men have a gigantic sex drive compared to women that have basically zero. if they had a sex drive, women would be all over boys, but you don't see that. Women don't really chase men, they sit around and let men chase them. Some nerdy neckbeard anxiety prone incel will muster of the courage to at least get rejected by a woman, but women never do. Women don't give a shit about sex. Not really. they endlessly whine about how shitty some guy is at sex, and how often do you see men do that? Rare if ever, because a moist hole is a moist hole. Whereas women don't think a hard cock is a hard cock, which is why they have 500000 requirements to fuck, whereas a man just requires a woman to be willing and available.
So you think we shouldn't socialise because you think the quarantine is in any way related to a vaccine and it won't be lifted until there is no vaccine? What should we do then? Talk to our hands after a good jerk-off or something? Send pigeons because facetime is too cringey for you? Be serious, dude, everyone needs attention now, not only girls. Humans are social animals. Hermits exist only in legends. Can't I talk to someone when I'm bored because you think it's ridiculous? There is never a quarantee someone will live up to their word and meet you. And again, this shit won't last as long as you think. 18 months? Dude, read something else than conspiracy theories. By the end of June I will be enjoying an ice cold beer at my favourite bar. That's sure. And if those chicks don't show up, I still have their nudes. Frustration is understandable in such a situation, but you should see a psychologist. You can use facetime for that, too.
Finally got laid, push and pull technique was the best.I wish I had read the advices and tips from this sub when I was still younger. I had horrible experience in dating with women before. All went sour because I was too needy. Thanks everyone on this sub. The push and pull technique really worked! And for me, it's the best method to get women. Women are more driven by emotion than logic. They get "aroused" when they get curious about you. I gave her different signals. I am not predictable. I made sure she is always confused. I stopped obsessing about her. Before, I was checking her online status and social medias 24/7. I went out to play soccer/football, get a job, kept myself busy and play video games to stop being needy all the time. I realized I was talking and chatting her through the phone all day. When I read about this sub, I immidietly stopped that hobby. She got attached to me because we were constantly chatting, so I decided to "push" her away by not replying her messages instantly. Declined her coffee and pizza invitations. Declined to play video games with her. I didn't make myself available all the time. Now she is thinking about me. Then I make my self available and chat to her always, then again go cold for a while - repeat. Making her really confused. "Does he like me or not?" This created more attraction. But it's really hard to control yourself. I just made myself busy to stop being needy. Never confess your feelings to your crush. Why? Because she gets bored, she is no longer curious because she already got the answer. When women fall in love to you, they become "obssesed". They no longer give a shit to your wealth and physical appearance.
Lol stupid bitch she spreads her legs like nothing and thinks she is something special
>Thing is, during that time, that month, i had a gut feeling something wasn't connecting... So big lesson is, your gut feeling is almost never wrong. Always. >One thing i admire about the bitch is, she would defend her innocence with her life. I never seen someone defend her herself so much like that. This has blindsided me a lot of times when i suspected something. Gentlemen.... understand this. A woman who is cheating will lie and deny better than any man who gets accused of lying. The tears come on. The "how can you not trust me" lines come out. They will act offended, upset, hurt, etc., that you could accuse them of something so horrible. And the kicker... they say this with HIS cum still on her breath. I lived this shit. It's amazing how far women will carry the betrayal. Lies. Trickle truths. Gaslighting. Manipulation. >Today, i hit her with screenshots, she tried running it down, but she couldn't shake them off, line by line for the conversation... I had to do that once. When she was in the "nothing happened" stage, she showed me edited screenshots, where she deleted PARTS of the conversation. The conversation made it look like it was all him. Years later, I found the REAL screenshots in her email. She saved the full conversation for herself before editing the conversation for me to see. Cheaters will deny everything until faced with facts IN WRITING or IN VIDEO or IN PICTURES. >I am quite happy with this breakup, because man, i have been wanting out, i just needed a legitimate reason for leaving now i finally caught the bitch. Your main point of weakness. You wanted to leave her anyway, but waited for a reason. "Because I feel like it" is a reason. Work on this area. Glad you nexted her. Many guys these days would be asking TRP what to do next.
He's doing gods work and THOTS are losing their minds.
THOT slayed!
I'll be honest, sometimes I feel bad AMOG'ing these dopes. But when I just taught your cute, skinny skank of a girlfriend a yoga class, and she can't stop staring at me during class, and makes a point of walking across the studio to stare directly into my eyes and thank me and keeps staring and smiling while she's turning away to leave, while you're standing there rolling up her gear for her like a good little boy, honestly dude, you don't exist to her \*or\* me at that point. I'm going to do what real men do. True story from the other day bro. In other words, if "your" girl is giving me signals, your being a pussy is not my problem. She's not yours. It's just my turn.
MGTOW isn't a niche group anymore. MGTOW is becoming the norm.Based on the number of cases, studies and articles in power imbalance, in divorce cases, in percentages of relationships/marriages failing, in double standards, the adele divorce case, the Johnny Depp case... men have realized the following: 1 - The term *SIMP* has achieved a global status (i would not be surprised that it would be included in the dictionary sometime in the future). This means that a conscious realization has occurred, and for it having such a mass appeal worldwide, it means that it isn't just cultural relativism/subjectivism. Millions of men have suffered through the dichotomy of -> Conquering Women = Suffering, otherwise the term *SIMP* needn't be so sucessful; 2 - With the pragmatic, yet flawed, #METOO movement, men have spoken how much they suffered from this view of trying to be with women. This point with 1 has something in common: Something is really all fucked concerning approaching women. "*This shouldn't be so difficult...so why is it? Is it me that's the problem?";* 3 - Seeing so many men suffering from this exact way (and it not need mattering if a man is a 2/10 or a 10/10. Suffering from women is human condition on heterosexual men, it seems) and ourselves just being tired of trying and being better ourselves everyday to reach that goal of having everlasting love with a woman, we reach a conclusion: *Something is definitely not right about relationships/women nowadays* (otherwise there wouldn't be so many niche groups like mgtow/men's rights/whereareallthegoodmen. It's reactionary and even error theory assuming that "*we're all losers and incels". Correlation doesn't mean Causation*, however, when that correlation continues to go on without stopping, a conclusion has to be made); 4 - With such a conclusion, we go searching for more information: We find books (the manipulated men, the rational male, the works of Briffault), we find articles (divorce rapes, cheating scandals, emotional bullying cases), and, eventually, this kind of subreddit, MGTOW (maybe TRP). With the axioms that these subreddits apply...well, they just make sense. Everything fits. We start to connect the pieces. Briffaults's Law, Hypergamy, Monkey Branching, abandoning relationships for no reason, Shit Tests...It's impossible for this to be just me! Every guy i've known has suffered through the exact same way. So we start talking to our male friends... and we all agree on these premisses. 5 - We, naturally, keep reading and being informed about this. We start living without the necessity of having a girlfriend, a woman in our lives, and just stop (or limit) our necessity of approaching women. We start to live more. We are more sane. We are healthier (some of us even go to the gym!). We start taking care of ourselves for ourselves. We start not caring about social media. 6 - Now that we are a better person and know these truths about modernity, and are simply better not caring about women (although this is really difficult and only a select few can outright not have that human condition pull on women), we start not giving a crap. Women start complaining that we are not paying attention or that we have become lazy. Feminism and social media start using debilitating words like *Incel, Loser* or *Beta* to shame test us (like we haven't predicted that by this point). You know, a typical Strawmen/Ad Hominem. 7 - The cycle repeats here. Now, with our knowledge about this concern, we appropriate other males that give attention to other females to have sexual needs validated (onlyfans, twitch girls, youtube girls, e-girls) and call them by reason, to wake them up. "Why do you think that onlyfans exploded? It's not because they can't get employability or good jobs. It's not because it's "difficult" out there. Prosmicuity and sexual themes have exploded in the past decade, and females are the bread winner. They can have their cake and eat it. They can have more sexual partners and be paid for it, without having any beneficial labour for the rest of society. They can go on any social dating app and just pick. *You are NOT going to have sex with her*." MGTOW is the way. Suffering is bound to happen without it.
That's very true. They have zero long range thinking, which is why so many of them spend beyond their means. They can't picture the future at all. The only reason they act concerned about climate change is because it's the trendy thing now. They are followers.
No this bitch won't do anything except complain and wait for some simp to do the dirty work for her. Now you are postwall no man gives a fuck ugly hag.
This video must be fake. If current media has taught us anything it is that women never lie about such things for selfish or vindictive reasons. We must always believe ALL women under any circumstances. This has to be some of that new deep fake technology. That man is a sinister and perverted predator. No other conclusion makes sense.
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder" I've only seen this said either by lying moids, Stacies or (rarely) coping uggos.
I'm getting more action as well, but it's dying down as women Simp up The best time to hook up is a day after a holiday tho, for anybody that's interested in a bit of in and out
It seems like you're taking on the masculine role since you're the one saving the guy when its usually the other way around. I looked at your recent comment history and it seems like you are redpilled about the reality of men and how messed up and unfair expectations of women in relationships can be. You wouldn't sacrifice yourself in a relationship like you would in your fantasies. Super interesting. When our fantasies contradict with our real life views on things drastically it's a sign of inner conflicts within us. There are so many reasons you are attached to this fantasy. It makes you feel righteous. It makes you seem very noble and brave. You might like to play this role of protector for your crush because it gives you control over him. He needs you to survive. He is probably in awe of you. There could some narcissism involved. The fact that you're watching over him even after you've passed on can again show a desire for more control over him. And by being able to watch over him like this it's kind of a way to still be with him. Also this way you also avoid the pressures of being in a relationship with him if you somehow saved him without having to sacrifice yourself and he fell in love with you. If you were in a real relationship with him you would have to rely on who you are in your day to day life to keep him interested and not this super woman role and that could be anxiety inducing and it's less exciting and dramatic. That's why you don't like imagining you two together in a normal relationship. Because then you would become more vulnerable. It also seems like what you want is beyond love. You might not have earned his love but you got his respect. In the end you are unattainable to him even if he wanted to be with you he can't. There's no way he could ever pay you back when you're gone. He will probably think about you in a higher way than his gf. In a pure way you prefer. He might love you in a deeper way than he loves her because you saved him. She could never do that for him. You probably imagine her as being some basic Stacy while you are unique and extraordinary. It seems like you really hate the focus to ever be on looks and you only want a guy to like you for non sexual related reasons like your altruism and character, Not your looks. You feel degraded when a guy falls for your looks. You want to be loved for non shallow reasons. You might be sexually repressed. You might feel resentful and mistrustful of men in real life. So many desires and personality and character traits hidden within us come out in our fantasies. It could be that you resent the gender roles placed on women. Do you find yourself drawn to female characters who are very strong and defy their gender roles? Like Katniss Everdeen? She volunteered as tribute which can be seen as her sacrificing herself for her younger sister. Did you grow up with a misogynistic or abusive father? Was your father unromantic and ungentlemanlike towards your mother? Like he doesn't open doors for her or bring her surprise gifts? You never saw him show tenderness to her? or that he valued her for anything besides domestic duties? Was your mother a codependent who did so much for her husband but got no equal effort in return? and you would hate to be like her? Even if you would never act like a codependent in a real relationship with a guy. In your fantasy there's a lot of co dependent traits showing in your character. Her sacrificing herself for a guy she thinks will never be with her can be seen as masochistic and self defeating. She thinks she has to prove herself to this guy by saving him. She doesn't think she has a value outside of what she can do for someone which is what codependents believe. Her motivations are not actually pure. She wants to be praised and admired. She wants control over this guy. &#x200B; By contrast do you find yourself being somewhat drawn to and yet cringing at helpless and very weak female characters like Bella Swan from Twilight? But you would never admit to being drawn to twilight in real life because so much of Bella's appeal to the men who love her is because of her feminine traits. Like her scent and her looks and her clumsiness which makes them hyper vigilant in protecting her placing them in the hero role which makes them feel strong and masculine. She doesn't have to do much to keep them interested. Which you might hate and feel disgusted by. You want a guy to value you for things more than just your looks you want them to value you for being powerful and having virtuous characteristics. She doesn't have to save anyone. It's not her noble character that makes the guys go crazy. Do you feel empty and conflicted about love stories like Twilight? Do stories like Twilight make you feel so many different and mostly negative emotions but yet you feel drawn to it? Because at the end Bella got the guy without sacrificing herself for him. She didn't really do anything. She was just pretty and smelled good and got everything most people desire. Love, children, wealth, beauty, immorality and youth. Playing the conventionally masculine role means you switch the gender roles and you subconsciously might want to seem stronger than a guy because you have internalized misogyny. These fantasies are actually not unusual. Men have savior fantasies or hero fantasies and no one would be mocking you if you were a man saying this. Don't take it to heart what ignorant people think about this. The more you focus on how embarrassed you are the less you can dig deeper into understanding yourself. Deep down you might feel suppressed in many ways. You should explore that.
This is what awaits a pickmeisha
please stop valuing the opinion of men you see onlinethis is not a typical "feel good" post. this is a reminder. **TL;DR: it's easier to be super mean, to be an asshole online behind anonymity than it is in real life, facing the other person.** if a guy picks a girl apart for her looks or even for her personality, regardless of her attractiveness, on the internet his opinion immediately looses value. men who are worthy to listen to won't spend all of their time online. they live their lives, have fun, meet new people. not that every men in real life are decent, actually you can't trust any man regardless where you meet him. not until he proves himself to be normal for a long time. and even then you have to be prepared that he will turn out to be insane. there are many examples for that. but still online it seems like there are even more assholes and they don't even try to hide that. guys online truly show their true nature bc it's easy to be a dick online without facing the other person. but believe me the majority of men online, let them be from reddit or twitter or whatever site, they wouldn't be this vocal about their distaste about women's appearance or personality. most of them would keep to themselves bc they don't have real life friends and they are too coward to speak up. which is for the better. I mean sure there are guys who are vocally assholes both online and in real life. but still the majority of online guys who criticise women wouldn't say a word in real life. in real life you have to look into someone's eyes and just say the words. and that's fucking hard to do so. online you can just put your bullshit out there and even find groups where you know your bullshit will be approved. in real life these losers would risk losing face if they would openly criticise women. these assholes would probably lose face in real life bc then everyone would see how they look. bc let's be real these online guys are not Chads they are just losers who aren't physically that attractive though I'm not saying they are all smelly neckbeards. but they are not Chads lol. they are not 10s. so a guy talking shit about a becky, or normie for not being a stacy will be looked down bc wtf man you are not a Chad or not even a idk Brad. and yet they pick on a girl who is minding her business? get fucked. also guys who are online too much are brainwashed and have false expectation of beauty. they only/mostly see stacies bc you can only post your photo if you are absolutely perfect and even then you will be picked apart. some beckies can get away with it if they give off hot or cute vibes. and even these stacies, beckies use angles, good lighting, even photoshop to maximise their looks. so don't give a damn about other subs like gonewild, butterface, etc. while facial bone structure is really really important there are many cute-the-girl-next-door girls who would be seen ugly online while in real life they would be wanted.
Ah ha! If women weren't meant to be in the kitchen.. why are they filled with milk and eggs? -Theo Von
