The title is not the best, but the post itself is needed here to show what determined men can achieve.
Hell yeah
Maybe we should stop taking 40-60% of their income and then throwing them in jail when they cant afford to pay anymore.
I dont hate myself. I hate everyone else(men and women).
May their memories be for a blessing. Im so sorry.
Steering this back to OPs point, I think its easier to be confident when youre genuine. Even the best liars deep down are afraid to be found out. But yes, it all comes down to confidence.
If they Perceive you as happy when they aren't they think it's an attack on them. People really be dming ugly just to say "why were you smiling in that picture you're ugly". Misery loves company.
[deleted]
Does it also improve my personality?
Why would you do this when you know the stores are all sold out of eye bleach?
Hey! Sex should be something built on trust, honesty, intimacy and love. How can you create such an environment without telling her the truth? You cant't! If you tell her, it will create closeness and she will understand why you act inexperienced and she will be able to "help" you (e.g. show you how a certain position works) and answer all your questions ... and she will not expect the sex of an experienced guy ... You will enjoy the sex more if you don't have to hide your inside ... Also, you will get used to really open up to your partner and that is the base of every really good relationship ... Maybe she will reject you, but rejection is a natural part of life and will always happen no matter what you do ... But if you just want the superficial sex portrayed by our degenerate pop-culture, it does not matter what you do anyways - just go ahead and lose your "virgin status" ... But I recommend the honest way ...
The only advice I can give you is to actually read the sidebar. Seems like you're stuck with oneitis.
That's sad
If this was true imagine how easy it would to be spread new vaccines around, finally the STIs are working for us.
Henry the 8th - *REAL SHIT!*
Perhaps he should go into politics instead.
It's fine if there is nothing illegal in it
What do you think about "how to win friends and influence people"? I've heard a lot about that one too, have you read it?
https://www.antena3.ro/coronavirus/romani-germania-ceapa-verde-pandemie-566448.html > Totul s-a ntmplat n anul 2016, ns, n urma unei greeli, pe care echipa Antena3.ro i-o asum n totalitate, imaginile au fost prezentate ca fiind filmate n aceast diminea. > Imaginile, repostate pe reeaua de socializare Facebook, au fost preluate de anumite persoane i prezentate ca fiind actuale motiv pentru care, n lipsa unei documentri mai ample, au fost folosite pentru redactarea acestei tiri care apoi s-a viralizat, fiind distribuit de peste 5.000 de persoane n cteva ore. > Echipa site-ului Antena3.ro i asum greeala neverificrii sursei originale a imaginilor i a publicrii acestor informaii fr a fi verificate n prealabil, chiar dac sursa acestora a fost menionat i folosit n redactare. > **Facem precizarea c imaginile au fost publicate doar pe site-ul Antena3.ro i nu au fost preluate pe TV.**
I mean, obviously...
Peeing on the escalator or anywhere in public is bad enough, but god almighty the toxic brew that she must be laying down makes me shudder ...
I admire people with pure strong core values, the values that are the very essence of what makes up "you" and you can see it being reflected in every decision he or she makes. To ignore or step down from your values to please some third party or letting yourself go for a moment is to lie to yourself. Your husband sounds amazing, and you two sounds like you have found your key to success. I'd love to ask what his core values are, but I have a sense that I already know. I cherish your partnership and thank you for sharing!
Gender equality education.
She looks like a Michael Jackson on meth
After that shit, Id be coming after all her purses and makeup collection then Im kicking her ass out.
This is an obvious LARP post, but nonetheless art imitates life and there have been Pete(s) out there before. Good example.
Have you ever thought about putting your baby on a flexible feed wake sleep schedule like Babywise? Although not perfect all of the time this could give you alot of an amount of expectation for how the day goes especially if your baby is waking through night, which makes you, in-turn, exhausted. Also, do you have any parents close by to help?
tl;dr: Exercise is by far one of the most irreplaceable methods of improvement and self-love, with one of the best guaranteed return for your investment. Whatever you may think you are, it's better to be that AND fit. ----- Self-discipline is unique and has no substitute. There is no other way to do something than to just do it. Whenever you feel like not doing what you should, try this: acknowledge to yourself this emotion and then simply *do it anyway*. The best time to start is twenty years ago, the second best time is yesterday. To address your specific examples: > I only brush my teeth and shower once a week cause I have this delusional sense of I dont need to go outside Pursue proper hygiene for your own benefit. It's much better to exist in a physical husk that is clean and smells nice. Also, you don't get another body and teeth aren't going to grow back. Even from a financial perspective you are saving money with good habits. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. > Im on Disability Welfare It's a tool. Use it to attain the point of the tool: progressing past needing it. > I have creeped out literally every girl that I have some sort of interest in due to getting obsessive and impatient. Reflect on what you could've done differently. Try that. Reflect again. Repeat. The only real mistake is not learning from your mistakes. > Ive spent hundreds on camgirl chats, escorts, custom pics and videos. Bro. Literally throwing money in the trash is better than spending it on egirls. There will always be more women for you out there, there will not be more yourself for you. Spend the money on your own self-interests instead. Basic exercise equipment, healthy whole foods, clothes that fit, fundamental hygiene accessories, etc. > I am 130kg This is one of the most salient areas of improvement right now. You don't need to leave the house to start living healthier. Drink enough water, get enough sleep, eat enough protein + vitamins/minerals, and AT LEAST one hour of exercise a day. Day 1: sufficiently taxing cardiovasular activity (lay down and bicycle pedal if you have to) and Day 2: strength training. Repeat. Eat less calories than you burn to lose weight. You can gain muscle and lose fat at the same time. > I just do not want to be like this anymore. I dont want to keep creeping out everyone I walk past and be pitied like I was all my adulthood. GOOD. Harness that. > The worst part? I get panic attacks after hearing crowd noises and applause. This means no concerts, clubs or events. What the fuck am I meant to do here? Thankfully I wear noise-cancelling earphones with pink noise which can let me go to the city without panic. Therapy and hard work. You can get past that. > Finally, I wonder if this is even possible? Turning 26, never got remotely in a close relationship in my entire life and being an autist I really worry to see that I can get more mature than identically a 12yo You could spend another quarter of a century being unproductive and STILL have more than enough time to turn your life around. You are still at the beginning of creating who you are, the finish line isn't even remotely close to being visible. The most important thing is to structure this progress. Don't overwhelm yourself with impossible goals and then get dejected when they don't work out. All you need to do is NOT do nothing, even if it's just one thing per day. While you have a lot of downtime now, read the sidebars: /r/bodyweightfitness /r/malefashionadvice /r/skincareaddiction /r/seduction
Not how divorce law works and that'll bite him in the butt but okay
He just doesn't like her. I hate that mentality, "he doesn't like me, I'm a woman, therefore he must hate women period."... I can see why he doesn't like her.
Can confirm. Heard it frequently, too, while getting my psychology degree.
It means your SMV is way higher than hers. It's bad for you because you're settling with someone who is likely pretty unattractive. Do better.
When youre trying to maintain prolonged eye contact, take time to notice the persons eye color. Really get in there, look at the different shades. For whatever reason, this always reads as warm and intimate eye contact. In my experience people respond very positively to it.
Obviously she is a period jedi, but in all seriousness there is no way not to use anything and not make a mess.
it also tastes like cardboard. the temptation to go off base(or hell, even a decent place *on* base) is all too tempting. especially after a long day of bullshit.
17 year old boy commits suicide after rape accusation. Her response: If he couldn't the handle the pressure, it's not her fault.
Isreal has less years for women. Also commonly women are heavily favoured in the military, treated nicer and artificially promoted. They are not sent to actual war, but in safe zones... basically they get the glory of war without really doing much. Norway, is gender neutral in law but not in practice... same as above preferential treatment, artificial promotion and actually their numbers are still low despite the law
SEE ARTICLE 2! AMBER HEARD: Tell the world, Johnny, tell them I Johnny Depp, a man, Im a victim too of domestic violence and see how many people believe or side with you, I f**king was hitting you and I cant promise I wont get physical again. God, I fucking get so mad sometimes I lose it.
Ask a zoo that has elephants or hippos.
Creepy Instagram Model SENDS NUDES To 13 Year Old Boy (NOT Arrested)-Isaac Butterfield
#[Why are we quarantined? The admin don't want you to know.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/9sdg04/more_silence_from_reddit_administration_a_failure/) **Register on our backup site: https://www.trp.red and reserve your reddit name today.** *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/TheRedPill) if you have any questions or concerns.*
She's got autism
So lonely....
'Kangaroo court' is a biased term. Journalists are supposed to be unbiased. If these are kangaroo courts (and obviously they are) we should arrive at that conclusion from the unbiased information presented within the piece, not from the journo telling us they are. Quoting someone to sneak bias or inflammatory/clickbait language into your headline while dodging blame for it is just one of the many shitty journalistic practices taking hold in the media and it should be opposed.
They've gone private now
Move on the sex is never worth the wait. And if shes quite hot shell get plenty of attention from guys and although she says shes still a virgin I honestly would doubt that, unless there something wrong with her personality. You can verify that by asking about the best memory of her child hood. If she doesnt tell you a story involving a male father figure, I suggest you walk away. Shell never appreciate what you as a man brings to the table and also has trouble with men in general.
Bro, weve same lifestyle but I daygame too on weekends
He should get off Twitter and file a lawsuit.
Dont chase one woman or make women your whole goal. Pick up chicks as a side thing. I think a more accurate saying is put minimal effort into chasing women and dont waste your time with uninterested ones.
Read the article before commenting on how well researched it is.
